The University freshman year of 1963 is ending soon.
Here a television crew attends the last freshman event in the Ljubljana region.
Agronomy students have arranged their party on the University campus.
The invitation promised "kindness for heart and soul".
The students danced and celebrated the end of the year.
But the television crew reported that the party was not outrageous.
Compared to last year it was very refined: no fights and no chairs broken.
Some were happy to listen to the music
Others preferred to drink and talk
But everyone enjoyed twisting the night away
Lado Leskovar sings
For some it has been a long night
There have been a few breakages but no trouble
Overall, a fitting end to the freshman year